"TitleVector","EditorialReviewVector"
"High Road TrashStash Leakproof Car Litter Bag","The High Road TrashStash is the only fully leakproof, 3 gallon hanging auto litter bag with a wipe clean, spill proof liner to keep car carpets and upholstery looking like new"
"High Road Puff'nStuff Car Trash Bag Organizer","The High Road Puff 'n Stuff organizer features a fully leakproof litter bag with extra storage for tissues and containers to keep cars and their passengers clean and tidy"
"Car Trash Bag by AutoMuko™ Car Trash Bag, Car Garbage Leakproof Can, Car Litter Headrest Trash Bag - Attach it to Headrest - With One-Year Limited Warranty","<b>WizGearTM Car Trash Bag - The Simplest and most effective way to keep the Interior of your car clean!</b> 
<p>•Are you having problems with keeping your car neat and clean? </p> 
<p>• Do you need a convenient solution to help keep your car litter free? </p> 
<p><b>Get this product today and discover a convenient way to keep your car tidy!</b></p> 
<p> This product is fully functional Car Trash bag designed to help keep your car clean and litter free. It is the most effective and easiest way to ensuring that the interior of your car stays clean and tidy, even with kids on board. Having one of these Car trash bag in your car or truck guarantees that waste (such as wrappers, packs, papers, cans, bottles etc.) are properly disposed and not cluttered inside your car. </p> 
<p> One amazing feature of this car trash bag is its durable build quality. This feature gives it the required sturdiness for prolonged and continued use. It also has an ergonomic strap, which makes it easy for you to setup and use effectively. Disposing liquid waste will not be a problem with this trash bag because it has a waterproof design, which allows it to effectively hold liquid waste. </p> 
<p>Another notable feature of this car trash bag is its dual mesh pockets (one on each side). These pockets are easily accessible and very functional for disposing garbage (e.g cups, paper, packs, wrappers etc.). To setup the Car trash bag, you can decide to hang it from the back of your seat using its ergonomic strap and dispose your trash in it or conveniently place it on the floor of your car and dispose your trash in it. It is convenient, efficient, easy to setup and fully functional.</p> 
<p><b> Click ""Add to Cart"" yellow button above and get it for your car today!</b></p>"
"Bell Automotive 22-1-00337-8A Deluxe Litter Bag","Bell Automotive's Deluxe Car Litter Bag is the perfect solution for your car trash needs. The convenient zippered bottom makes changing the liner an easy task. The bag is held in place with snaps and a hook-and-loop closure at the top. Includes 6 disposable liners."
"Bell Automotive 22-1-33321-1 Tan Retro Flower Litter Bag","Bell Automotive's Decorative Litter Bags are the perfect solution for your car trash needs. Made of durable material with moisture resistant liner. Features a fun retro flower design with a hook and loop strap attachment option."
"Auto Trash (Black) by The Mod Mobile - litter bag/garbage can for your car","THE MOD MOBILE is a woman-owned and operated indie company. All products are designed and manufactured in the USA. WHAT IS THIS BAG DESIGNED FOR: This bag is designed to hang over your stick shift, across the back of your headrest, or wherever you can think of! This bag is NOT designed to hold drive-thru trash, bottles, cans, etc. This bag IS designed for all that small trash that tends to clutter up your cup holders and such. Dimensions are 12"" tall x 8"" wide. THE STRAP SYSTEM: The strap measures approximately 25"" long and can be attached in one of two ways: on the side for hanging from a stick shift or in the center for hanging across a headrest. The strap attaches with a heavy-duty snap. Once snapped in place, simply wrap the other end of the strap around the shift/headrest, thread through the buckle and tighten as needed. Tuck the excess strap in between the inner liner and the outer fabric case. You can remove the bag without unthreading the strap, simply unsnap the bag and the strap will remain installed. ANATOMY OF THE BAG: Measures 8"" wide and 12"" tall. There is an inner liner and an outer case. The outer case is made of the decorative fabric which is lined with black canvas for stability. The inner liner is made of black post-consumer recycled plastic and is specially designed to stay open for ease of use while driving. This plastic liner is not 100% leak-proof so be sure to use plastic baggies for added protection. Insert a plastic bag and tuck the excess in between the two layers along the top edge. WHAT KIND OF PLASTIC BAG DO I USE? Included is one roll of *biodegradable* baggies (15 bags per roll). You can purchase similar rolls from most pet stores (doggie clean-up bags). CARE INSTRUCTIONS: Spot cleaning or hand washing is recommended for long lasting durability and color retention."
"Basix Litter Bag, Black","The Auto Expressions Litter Bag is a stylish, versatile way to clean up your car. This innovative design is easy to clean and keeps your car neat. The secure top closure keeps contents out of sight, and the bag attaches easily in three different ways to fit any car."
"★ BIGGER AND BETTER ★! #1 Car Garbage Can / Auto Trash Bag. ★ Birmion Deluxe Litter Bag is simply the Better Way to Stash Your Trash. ★ This Birmion Car Garbage Can is Stylish, Durable, Totally Leakproof and Is Designed to Keep Your Car Clean and Tidy. ★ Hangs Securely From the Back of a Car Seat or Conveniently Rests on the Floor. ★ FREE Premium Hassle-Free Life Time Guarantee!","NEW AND IMPROVED! Now even bigger and even better designed. This Brimion Auto Trash Bag is a must-have car garbage can for conveniently keeping your car clean and tidy. Having a strong and durable strap, it can securely hang from the back of your seat. The steel reinforced top cover is easy to handle. The waterproof design keeps your car's carpet and seats protected from spills and leaks. This auto garbage bag can rest on the car's floor or seats, thus keeping your vehicle free of trash. Having mesh pockets on each side, the Birmion Auto Trash Bag gives you a convenient storage for discarded bottles, cups, and more. Wipe the interiors of this auto trash can with a soft cloth to keep them clean at all times. Having a solid woven black design, this car auto trash bin is perfect for passengers having diverse aesthetic preferences. Since the trash can is made of waterproof, durable nylon, you would never have to worry about spills and leaks. Stylish design, convenient opening, strong strap, secure hanging, closeable top lid, adequate space, and sleek profile make this litter bag the ideal choice for every vehicle. The dimensions of Birmion auto trash bag are 14.5 inches tall, and 10"" x 6"" opening. Having a great capacity, the garbage can keeps your car clean for longer periods. Regardless of the vehicle you own, you will love this waterproof, durable, and stylish litter - garbage bag to keep you car fresh, clean and presentable. Click Add To Cart Button NOW! 100% SATISFACTION GUARANTEED!"
"Impulse Merchandisers 12501 Pop and Stash Auto Litter Bag and Tissue Holder Organizer","Luxury Driver Auto Organizers Pop And Stash Auto Litter Bag and Tissue Holder is the perfect addition to the family road trip. Keep tissues at your fingertips while stowing extra coffee cups and trash in the large main compartment. Sturdy design to handle everyday use; hangs easily from most vehicle head rests. Features a snap-shut lid to avoid spills. Two outer mesh pockets keep drinks and wipes at the ready; handy drawstrings keep contents secure."
"Auto Trash (Grey Lattice) by The Mod Mobile - litter bag/garbage can for your car","THE MOD MOBILE is a woman-owned and operated indie company. All products are designed and manufactured in the USA. WHAT IS THIS BAG DESIGNED FOR: This bag is designed to hang over your stick shift, across the back of your headrest, or wherever you can think of! This bag is NOT designed to hold drive-thru trash, bottles, cans, etc. This bag IS designed for all that small trash that tends to clutter up your cup holders and such. Dimensions are 12"" tall x 8"" wide. THE STRAP SYSTEM: The strap measures approximately 25"" long and can be attached in one of two ways: on the side for hanging from a stick shift or in the center for hanging across a headrest. The strap attaches with a heavy-duty snap. Once snapped in place, simply wrap the other end of the strap around the shift/headrest, thread through the buckle and tighten as needed. Tuck the excess strap in between the inner liner and the outer fabric case. You can remove the bag without unthreading the strap, simply unsnap the bag and the strap will remain installed. ANATOMY OF THE BAG: Measures 8"" wide and 12"" tall. There is an inner liner and an outer case. The outer case is made of the decorative fabric which is lined with black canvas for stability. The inner liner is made of black post-consumer recycled plastic and is specially designed to stay open for ease of use while driving. This plastic liner is not 100% leak-proof so be sure to use plastic baggies for added protection. Insert a plastic bag and tuck the excess in between the two layers along the top edge. WHAT KIND OF PLASTIC BAG DO I USE? Included is one roll of *biodegradable* baggies (15 bags per roll). You can purchase similar rolls from most pet stores (doggie clean-up bags). CARE INSTRUCTIONS: Spot cleaning or hand washing is recommended for long lasting durability and color retention."
"Auto Trash (Black Damask) by The Mod Mobile - litter bag/garbage can for your car","THE MOD MOBILE is a woman-owned and operated indie company. All products are designed and manufactured in the USA. WHAT IS THIS BAG DESIGNED FOR: This bag is designed to hang over your stick shift, across the back of your headrest, or wherever you can think of! This bag is NOT designed to hold drive-thru trash, bottles, cans, etc. This bag IS designed for all that small trash that tends to clutter up your cup holders and such. Dimensions are 12"" tall x 8"" wide. THE STRAP SYSTEM: The strap measures approximately 25"" long and can be attached in one of two ways: on the side for hanging from a stick shift or in the center for hanging across a headrest. The strap attaches with a heavy-duty snap. Once snapped in place, simply wrap the other end of the strap around the shift/headrest, thread through the buckle and tighten as needed. Tuck the excess strap in between the inner liner and the outer fabric case. You can remove the bag without unthreading the strap, simply unsnap the bag and the strap will remain installed. ANATOMY OF THE BAG: Measures 8"" wide and 12"" tall. There is an inner liner and an outer case. The outer case is made of the decorative fabric which is lined with black canvas for stability. The inner liner is made of black post-consumer recycled plastic and is specially designed to stay open for ease of use while driving. This plastic liner is not 100% leak-proof so be sure to use plastic baggies for added protection. Insert a plastic bag and tuck the excess in between the two layers along the top edge. WHAT KIND OF PLASTIC BAG DO I USE? Included is one roll of *biodegradable* baggies (15 bags per roll). You can purchase similar rolls from most pet stores (doggie clean-up bags). CARE INSTRUCTIONS: Spot cleaning or hand washing is recommended for long lasting durability and color retention."
"Sopus Products/Axius 145307 Pocket Litter Bag","Quality vinyl litter bag keeps car neat and clean. Inexpensive way to keep car clutter free. Fits any car. Hangs on any knob, or adheres with adhesive strip. Black."
"Highland 1930500 Litter Trap","Highland On the Go presents the Litter Trap to help turn car clutter into convenience. Keep trash off the floor and ready to toss, with this car litter container. With extra storage pockets, quality construction and attractive design, your trash never looked so good. Fully washable, front pocket that holds tissues or extra liners and cinches to contain odors, this product delivers a range of practical options for every driver and passengers too."
"Auto Trash (Brown Leopard) by The Mod Mobile - litter bag/garbage can for your car","THE MOD MOBILE is a woman-owned and operated indie company. All products are designed and manufactured in the USA. WHAT IS THIS BAG DESIGNED FOR: This bag is designed to hang over your stick shift, across the back of your headrest, or wherever you can think of! This bag is NOT designed to hold drive-thru trash, bottles, cans, etc. This bag IS designed for all that small trash that tends to clutter up your cup holders and such. Dimensions are 12"" tall x 8"" wide. THE STRAP SYSTEM: The strap measures approximately 25"" long and can be attached in one of two ways: on the side for hanging from a stick shift or in the center for hanging across a headrest. The strap attaches with a heavy-duty snap. Once snapped in place, simply wrap the other end of the strap around the shift/headrest, thread through the buckle and tighten as needed. Tuck the excess strap in between the inner liner and the outer fabric case. You can remove the bag without unthreading the strap, simply unsnap the bag and the strap will remain installed. ANATOMY OF THE BAG: Measures 8"" wide and 12"" tall. There is an inner liner and an outer case. The outer case is made of the decorative fabric which is lined with black canvas for stability. The inner liner is made of black post-consumer recycled plastic and is specially designed to stay open for ease of use while driving. This plastic liner is not 100% leak-proof so be sure to use plastic baggies for added protection. Insert a plastic bag and tuck the excess in between the two layers along the top edge. WHAT KIND OF PLASTIC BAG DO I USE? Included is one roll of *biodegradable* baggies (15 bags per roll). You can purchase similar rolls from most pet stores (doggie clean-up bags). CARE INSTRUCTIONS: Spot cleaning or hand washing is recommended for long lasting durability and color retention."
"Bell Automotive 22-1-30271-8 Black Stitched Litter Bag","Bell Automotive's Stitched Black Litter Bag is the perfect solution for your car trash needs. Made of durable material with moisture resistant liner. Features a classy stitched design with a hook and loop strap attachment option."
"Car Trash Can by Mas27_ ☺ 100% Customer Satisfaction Guarantee ☺_ Auto Garbage Bag/Litter Bin/Rubbish Holder & Storage Organizer_ Large, Durable, Hanging, Waterproof, Leakproof, Multiple Purpose, Stylish, Fits All Vehicles_ #1 Car Trash Keeper ✔","Have you ever felt shame to drive someone when your car is messy and full of garbage? However you feel so tired of cleaning your car and it will take lots of time for sure. It is time to buy a Car Trash Bag, but wait! You have no beliefs in any type of car trash bin? Too small, not durable, no water proof, bad design, unstick velcro strap, etc. Maximum Auto Solution 27 is pleased to present our Car Trash Bag product. This product is designed to have not only a great looking design, but also best functions. We use adjustable webbing straps to support for the heavy of the bag when containing the garbage. This type of strap is easy to install as well as remove the concern of unstick velcro strap. The bag is made by water proof fabric, so you will never have to worry about spills and leaks. In addition, the inner fabric allows for wiping off fast and easily without letting back the bad odor. The biggest improvement is the size of the bag, 12'' tall and 11.8'' by 6.1'' opening. This size let you keep the car clean in longer time, contain garbage without affect the back passengers and stand firmly on the floor if necessarily. Click Add To Cart Button NOW! THE BEST SOLUTION for CAR GARBAGE - FREE!"
"Auto Trash (Brown 2D Zoo) by The Mod Mobile - litter bag/garbage can for your car","THE MOD MOBILE is a woman-owned and operated indie company. All products are designed and manufactured in the USA. WHAT IS THIS BAG DESIGNED FOR: This bag is designed to hang over your stick shift, across the back of your headrest, or wherever you can think of! This bag is NOT designed to hold drive-thru trash, bottles, cans, etc. This bag IS designed for all that small trash that tends to clutter up your cup holders and such. Dimensions are 12"" tall x 8"" wide. THE STRAP SYSTEM: The strap measures approximately 25"" long and can be attached in one of two ways: on the side for hanging from a stick shift or in the center for hanging across a headrest. The strap attaches with a heavy-duty snap. Once snapped in place, simply wrap the other end of the strap around the shift/headrest, thread through the buckle and tighten as needed. Tuck the excess strap in between the inner liner and the outer fabric case. You can remove the bag without unthreading the strap, simply unsnap the bag and the strap will remain installed. ANATOMY OF THE BAG: Measures 8"" wide and 12"" tall. There is an inner liner and an outer case. The outer case is made of the decorative fabric which is lined with black canvas for stability. The inner liner is made of black post-consumer recycled plastic and is specially designed to stay open for ease of use while driving. This plastic liner is not 100% leak-proof so be sure to use plastic baggies for added protection. Insert a plastic bag and tuck the excess in between the two layers along the top edge. WHAT KIND OF PLASTIC BAG DO I USE? Included is one roll of *biodegradable* baggies (15 bags per roll). You can purchase similar rolls from most pet stores (doggie clean-up bags). CARE INSTRUCTIONS: Spot cleaning or hand washing is recommended for long lasting durability and color retention."
"Summer Road Trips? You'll Love Our Price for WeHaveCoolStuff's All-in-One Deluxe Car Trash Bag & Organizer - Leak Resistant - With Front Mesh Pocket, Drink Holder, & Tissue Holder","This All in One Deluxe Car Trash Bag and Organizer Has a Lifetime Warranty. 100% Leak Resistant. Front Mesh Pocket, Drink Holder, and Tissue Holder Make All the Small Items You Need Convenient and Organized. Large Capacity Holds a Considerable Amount of Trash. Stylish Appearance Enhances the Interior of Your Car. Fits Perfectly Over Headrest and Takes Only Seconds to Install and Remove. Can Be Used for Back Seat or Turned Around for Use When Driving Alone if Preferred. TISSUE BOX MUST BE SQUEEZED FIRST TO BE INSERTED INTO OPENING. ONCE INSERTED, BOX WILL EXPAND TO NORMAL SIZE AND COMPLETELY AND SNUGLY FILL THE INTENDED SPACE. Includes a Free Report on 62 Ways to Save Money at the Gas Pump!"
"High Road Hanging Car Litter Bag - Pink","Hanging litter bag holds 3 gallons worth of cups, cans and wrappers, with a leakproof bottom to keep stains and spills contained"
"High Road Hanging Car Litter Bag - Black","Hanging litter bag holds 3 gallons worth of cups, cans and wrappers, with a leakproof bottom to keep stains and spills contained"
"Impulse Merchandisers 12484 Leopard Fashion Floor Litter Bag Trash Trap Organizer","Luxury Driver Auto Organizers Fashion Floor Litter Bag Trash Trap in Leopard Print offers the perfect solution for keeping your vehicle tidy on the go. The leak-proof design keeps wet and dry trash collected with a generous capacity. Close the lid to hid the mess. A handy outer pocket allows you to keep liners, wipes and sanitizers at the ready. Collapsible design allows for easy storage when not in use."
"Hello Kitty Sanrio Waving Car Truck SUV Utility Litter Bag","Attaches in 3 different ways: 1) Loop hangs on knobs and hooks. 2) Straps attach to headrest posts for back of seat mounting. 3) Attaches to any smooth surface with self-adhesive strip and hook-and-loop attachment."
"Impulse Merchandisers 12503 Floor Litter Bag Trash Trap Organizer","Luxury Driver Auto Organizers Floor Litter Bag Trash Trap offers the perfect solution for keeping your vehicle tidy on the go. The leak-proof design keeps wet and dry trash collected with a generous capacity. Close the lid to hid the mess. A handy outer pocket allows you to keep liners, wipes and sanitizers at the ready. Collapsible design allows for easy storage when not in use."
"Impulse Merchandisers 12481 Pink Fashion Litter Bag Trash Trap Organizer","Luxury Driver Fashion Litterbag Trash Trap in Pink offers the perfect solution for keeping your vehicle tidy on the go. The leak-proof design keeps wet and dry trash collected with a generous 3-gallon capacity. Collapsible design allows for easy storage when not in use."
"Car Trash Bag - Auto Litter Container Bin and Organizer","Keep your car neat and clean in style. This sleek, black, woven, cloth litter bag fits in all vehicles and pleases all passengers. A sturdy covered, metal framed closeable top and reinforced seams with piping create a flexible receptacle that attaches securely to your car seat headrest/over the seat, in back or in front. Depending on your ride, your roadtrip and your passengers you may consider more than one."
"Auto Trash (Teal Chevrons) by The Mod Mobile - litter bag/garbage can for your car","THE MOD MOBILE is a woman-owned and operated indie company. All products are designed and manufactured in the USA. WHAT IS THIS BAG DESIGNED FOR: This bag is designed to hang over your stick shift, across the back of your headrest, or wherever you can think of! This bag is NOT designed to hold drive-thru trash, bottles, cans, etc. This bag IS designed for all that small trash that tends to clutter up your cup holders and such. Dimensions are 12"" tall x 8"" wide. THE STRAP SYSTEM: The strap measures approximately 25"" long and can be attached in one of two ways: on the side for hanging from a stick shift or in the center for hanging across a headrest. The strap attaches with a heavy-duty snap. Once snapped in place, simply wrap the other end of the strap around the shift/headrest, thread through the buckle and tighten as needed. Tuck the excess strap in between the inner liner and the outer fabric case. You can remove the bag without unthreading the strap, simply unsnap the bag and the strap will remain installed. ANATOMY OF THE BAG: Measures 8"" wide and 12"" tall. There is an inner liner and an outer case. The outer case is made of the decorative fabric which is lined with black canvas for stability. The inner liner is made of black post-consumer recycled plastic and is specially designed to stay open for ease of use while driving. This plastic liner is not 100% leak-proof so be sure to use plastic baggies for added protection. Insert a plastic bag and tuck the excess in between the two layers along the top edge. WHAT KIND OF PLASTIC BAG DO I USE? Included is one roll of *biodegradable* baggies (15 bags per roll). You can purchase similar rolls from most pet stores (doggie clean-up bags). CARE INSTRUCTIONS: Spot cleaning or hand washing is recommended for long lasting durability and color retention."
"Bell Automotive 22-1-34073-8 Sock Monkey Litter Bag","Bell Automotive's Sock Monkey Litter Bag keeps your vehicle clean and free of trash and clutter. Made of the classic sock monkey-like material along with a 3-dimensional sock monkey head affixed to the bag cover. The litter bag attaches easily to a seat headrest with a hook and loop strap. Take on the road in style with Bell Automotive's fashionable, functional and innovative accessories."
"Car Litter/Trash Bag, Car Seat Organizer. Includes Tissue Holder And Side Pockets. Hang It In Your Car Or In Any Room For Easy And Fast Access To Tissue Papers. Great On The Stroller, Behind Booster Chair, On The Coat Rack In The Foyer, In The Mud Room, Baby Room, Etc. By CoolKarStuff","<p><b> Are you tired of your car looking like a big mess because there is trash all over?</b></p> 
<p><b> Is your tissue box still on the yucky car floor? </b></p> 
<p><b> Fed up with trying to find some tissue paper to wipe your kid's hand or yours? </b></p> 
<p><b>The coolest and simplest way is to hang your tissue holder on a chair or rack where you can actually see it and use it! </b></p> 
<br />- 1680D polyester, soft to the touch yet durable. This material is much more expensive, do your own research or get it and compare it side by side 
<br />- Collapse flat for easy storage 
<br />- There are 2 mesh side pockets. Exterior mesh pockets are ideal to store water bottle or smaller or frequently used items. 
<br />- The large compartment above the tissue holder can either be used as trash bag when this product is used in a car or it can be used to store your kid's favorite toys. 
<br />- The large compartment above the tissue holder can also be used to store your dog's stuff, etc. 
<br />- The large compartment above the tissue holder can be use for anything that is small that needs to be stored 
<br />- Easy to keep it clean: just wipe off. Water repellent. 
<p> You have absolutely NOTHING to lose. We stand behind our products. Use it for 30 days, love it and keep it. If not, return it, no hassle, no fuss, just the way we like to shop too.</p> 
<p><b>Limited quantity, grab yours today!</b></p>"
"Auto Trash (Aqua Chain Link) by The Mod Mobile - litter bag/garbage can for your car","THE MOD MOBILE is a woman-owned and operated indie company. All products are designed and manufactured in the USA. WHAT IS THIS BAG DESIGNED FOR: This bag is designed to hang over your stick shift, across the back of your headrest, or wherever you can think of! This bag is NOT designed to hold drive-thru trash, bottles, cans, etc. This bag IS designed for all that small trash that tends to clutter up your cup holders and such. Dimensions are 12"" tall x 8"" wide. THE STRAP SYSTEM: The strap measures approximately 25"" long and can be attached in one of two ways: on the side for hanging from a stick shift or in the center for hanging across a headrest. The strap attaches with a heavy-duty snap. Once snapped in place, simply wrap the other end of the strap around the shift/headrest, thread through the buckle and tighten as needed. Tuck the excess strap in between the inner liner and the outer fabric case. You can remove the bag without unthreading the strap, simply unsnap the bag and the strap will remain installed. ANATOMY OF THE BAG: Measures 8"" wide and 12"" tall. There is an inner liner and an outer case. The outer case is made of the decorative fabric which is lined with black canvas for stability. The inner liner is made of black post-consumer recycled plastic and is specially designed to stay open for ease of use while driving. This plastic liner is not 100% leak-proof so be sure to use plastic baggies for added protection. Insert a plastic bag and tuck the excess in between the two layers along the top edge. WHAT KIND OF PLASTIC BAG DO I USE? Included is one roll of *biodegradable* baggies (15 bags per roll). You can purchase similar rolls from most pet stores (doggie clean-up bags). CARE INSTRUCTIONS: Spot cleaning or hand washing is recommended for long lasting durability and color retention."
"Impulse Merchandisers 12482 Leopard Fashion Litter Bag Trash Trap Organizer","Luxury Driver Fashion Litterbag Trash Trap in Leopard print offers the perfect solution for keeping your vehicle tidy on the go. The leak-proof design keeps wet and dry trash collected with a generous 3-gallon capacity. Collapsible design allows for easy storage when not in use."
"High Road TrashStand Leakproof and Weighted Car Trash Basket,X-Large","Hard braking and hairpin turns won't tip the High Road TrashStand, with its built-in bottom weight and floorboard grip strips, you can step on the gas without worrying about toppling the trash"
"Auto Trash (Black Chain Link) by The Mod Mobile - litter bag/garbage can for your car","THE MOD MOBILE is a woman-owned and operated indie company. All products are designed and manufactured in the USA. WHAT IS THIS BAG DESIGNED FOR: This bag is designed to hang over your stick shift, across the back of your headrest, or wherever you can think of! This bag is NOT designed to hold drive-thru trash, bottles, cans, etc. This bag IS designed for all that small trash that tends to clutter up your cup holders and such. Dimensions are 12"" tall x 8"" wide. THE STRAP SYSTEM: The strap measures approximately 25"" long and can be attached in one of two ways: on the side for hanging from a stick shift or in the center for hanging across a headrest. The strap attaches with a heavy-duty snap. Once snapped in place, simply wrap the other end of the strap around the shift/headrest, thread through the buckle and tighten as needed. Tuck the excess strap in between the inner liner and the outer fabric case. You can remove the bag without unthreading the strap, simply unsnap the bag and the strap will remain installed. ANATOMY OF THE BAG: Measures 8"" wide and 12"" tall. There is an inner liner and an outer case. The outer case is made of the decorative fabric which is lined with black canvas for stability. The inner liner is made of black post-consumer recycled plastic and is specially designed to stay open for ease of use while driving. This plastic liner is not 100% leak-proof so be sure to use plastic baggies for added protection. Insert a plastic bag and tuck the excess in between the two layers along the top edge. WHAT KIND OF PLASTIC BAG DO I USE? Included is one roll of *biodegradable* baggies (15 bags per roll). You can purchase similar rolls from most pet stores (doggie clean-up bags). CARE INSTRUCTIONS: Spot cleaning or hand washing is recommended for long lasting durability and color retention."
"High Road Car Floor Litter Basket - Black","The High Road Floor Litter Bag holds up to 10 soda cans and features a leak-proof base to keep carpets protected"
"Car Trash Bag & Orgenizer By AutoMuko™ Car Garbage Can, with Front and Side Pocket & Tissue Holder - Attach It to Headrest - With One-year Limited Warranty","<b>Now you can Keep your Car Litter-Free!</b> 
<p>•Are you having problems keeping your car litter free, clean and tidy?</p> 
<p><b>Then get an AutoMuko car trash bag organizer today and experience how easy it is to keep your car interiors neat, clean and litter free!</b></p> 
<p>This AutoMuko car trash bag organizer with tissue box slot is the perfect waste management and trash disposal solution for your automobile. It is manufactured to be a fully functional Car Trash bag as well as an auto trash bin, to help keep your car litter free. The car trash container offers you the most effective and convenient way to ensuring that your car stays clean and tidy, every time. This product is an all in one deluxe car trash container, car leak-proof bag and organizer solution. It features a car trash bag, front mesh pocket, drink holder and tissue holder as well. Having this Car trash bag in your car guarantees that all disposable wrappers, packs, papers, cans and bottles, will be properly disposed and not littered or scattered inside your car. Not only does it keep your car free of dirt and litter, it also keeps your car free from clutter.</p> 
<p>The included organizer in the bag helps to provide the much needed space with which you can store your personal effects. The front mesh pocket can hold all your travel necessities of considerable size securely and neatly. This AutoMuko car trash bag is exceptionally durable and extremely sturdy as well. To setup the Car trash bag, you can decide to hang it from the back of your seat using its ergonomic strap and dispose your trash in it or store your personal items. It is convenient, efficient, easy to setup and fully functional.</p> 
<p><b> Get the AutoMuko Car Trash can today for yourself and for your family!</b></p>"
"The ""Keep it Clean"" CarBage - Stylish Leopard Print Auto litter bag","Keep your car, community, and environment, neat and clean, without sacrificing style! The ""Keep It Clean"" CarBáge is the 'must have' trash bag accessory for keeping your car neat and tidy! No one likes litter! It's damaging to your community, and even unsafe. With over 250 million cars on the road in the USA, littering can do serious damage to communities, and causes health and hazard risks to everyone- including other drivers. The #1 reason that people give for littering... is the lack of a nearby trash can! And quite a lot of litter comes from people throwing things out their car window because they have no trash can inside the car! While some people might simply keep a plastic shopping bag in the car to throw trash in... this is less than an ideal solution. There's no 'true' spot to 'hang' the bag from, and hanging it by the handles, around the shifter, is dangerous for driving. Plus, they're not very aesthetic, and can be easily confused with a bag of groceries, or even clothes. No one wants to carry that bag in and empty it onto their bed, or kitchen counter! There are other 'car trash cans' on the market too... but again, they're just not very aesthetically pleasing! That's why we created the ""Keep It Clean"" CarBáge! The ""Keep It Clean"" CarBáge is the only car trash bin designed with keeping 'style' in sync with functionality! Stylish design, convenient opening, strong strap, secure hanging, closable top lid, adequate space and sleek profile make this trash bag the ideal choice for every vehicle. Regardless of the vehicle you own, you will love this waterproof, durable and stylish litter bag to keep your car fresh. 100% SATISFACTION GUARANTEED. Available in many prints, you're sure to find the perfect pattern for you and your car! Check out our unique prints..."
"Auto Trash (Red Chain Link) by The Mod Mobile - litter bag/garbage can for your car","THE MOD MOBILE is a woman-owned and operated indie company. All products are designed and manufactured in the USA. WHAT IS THIS BAG DESIGNED FOR: This bag is designed to hang over your stick shift, across the back of your headrest, or wherever you can think of! This bag is NOT designed to hold drive-thru trash, bottles, cans, etc. This bag IS designed for all that small trash that tends to clutter up your cup holders and such. Dimensions are 12"" tall x 8"" wide. THE STRAP SYSTEM: The strap measures approximately 25"" long and can be attached in one of two ways: on the side for hanging from a stick shift or in the center for hanging across a headrest. The strap attaches with a heavy-duty snap. Once snapped in place, simply wrap the other end of the strap around the shift/headrest, thread through the buckle and tighten as needed. Tuck the excess strap in between the inner liner and the outer fabric case. You can remove the bag without unthreading the strap, simply unsnap the bag and the strap will remain installed. ANATOMY OF THE BAG: Measures 8"" wide and 12"" tall. There is an inner liner and an outer case. The outer case is made of the decorative fabric which is lined with black canvas for stability. The inner liner is made of black post-consumer recycled plastic and is specially designed to stay open for ease of use while driving. This plastic liner is not 100% leak-proof so be sure to use plastic baggies for added protection. Insert a plastic bag and tuck the excess in between the two layers along the top edge. WHAT KIND OF PLASTIC BAG DO I USE? Included is one roll of *biodegradable* baggies (15 bags per roll). You can purchase similar rolls from most pet stores (doggie clean-up bags). CARE INSTRUCTIONS: Spot cleaning or hand washing is recommended for long lasting durability and color retention."
"Impulse Merchandisers 12483 Pink Fashion Floor Litter Bag Trash Trap Organizer","Luxury Driver Auto Organizers Fashion Floor Litter Bag Trash Trap in pink offers the perfect solution for keeping your vehicle tidy on the go. The leak-proof design keeps wet and dry trash collected with a generous capacity. Close the lid to hid the mess. A handy outer pocket allows you to keep liners, wipes and sanitizers at the ready. Collapsible design allows for easy storage when not in use."
"Zone Tech Car Trash Can-Black","<b> Zone Tech Car Trash Can- Black </b> 
<br /> 
<br /> 
<br /> 
<b> Description: </b> 
<br /> The Zone Garbage Can is a ""must have"" for drivers & travelers alike. It helps keep your car clean & tidy. The Bin is handy and convenient when you need to throw rubbish on a trip. The Can is easy to fetch, easy to clean easy to use and most of all easy to install. It includes a removable hook allowing you to store it in a variety of places. Its compact design will stop you from piling up garbage. The trash can is durable and perfect for most cars. 
<br /> 
<br /> 
<b> Properties: </b> 
<br />-Brand: Zone Tech- 
<br />-Color: Black- 
<br />-Rim Color: Gray- 
<br />-Size:5.5 x 7 x 3.5 inches- 
<br />-Includes: Garbage Can and removable hook- 
<br />-Condition: Brand New and Boxed- 
<br /> 
<br /> 
<br /> 
<b> Zone Tech Brand is known worldwide with superior product quality and service </b>"
"BAG OR PURSE HOLDERS FOR CAR : ( Pack of 4 Pairs )","These Bag Holders Work With Either Plastic Grocery Store Bags, Purses, Or Cloth Bags With A Handle. You Can Drape The Bag Over The Car Seat, And Hold One Bag On Either Side. Great Also For Your Car's Litter Bag. Also Great To Use On The Bus Or Other Public Transportation When You Need To Go Shopping,<li> 2 Pieces In Package</li><li> 4"" Size</li><li> Will Hold Up To 4 Lbs.</li><li> Great To Solve The Issue Of Where To Seat A Purse Or Bag In A Full Car</li><li> Specially Designed To Fit Snugly Around Your Cars Top Cushion Bar And Stay In Place</li>"
"Auto Trash (Arrows-Black and White) by The Mod Mobile - litter bag/garbage can for your car","THE MOD MOBILE is a woman-owned and operated indie company. All products are designed and manufactured in the USA. WHAT IS THIS BAG DESIGNED FOR: This bag is designed to hang over your stick shift, across the back of your headrest, or wherever you can think of! This bag is NOT designed to hold drive-thru trash, bottles, cans, etc. This bag IS designed for all that small trash that tends to clutter up your cup holders and such. Dimensions are 12"" tall x 8"" wide. THE STRAP SYSTEM: The strap measures approximately 25"" long and can be attached in one of two ways: on the side for hanging from a stick shift or in the center for hanging across a headrest. The strap attaches with a heavy-duty snap. Once snapped in place, simply wrap the other end of the strap around the shift/headrest, thread through the buckle and tighten as needed. Tuck the excess strap in between the inner liner and the outer fabric case. You can remove the bag without unthreading the strap, simply unsnap the bag and the strap will remain installed. ANATOMY OF THE BAG: Measures 8"" wide and 12"" tall. There is an inner liner and an outer case. The outer case is made of the decorative fabric which is lined with black canvas for stability. The inner liner is made of black post-consumer recycled plastic and is specially designed to stay open for ease of use while driving. This plastic liner is not 100% leak-proof so be sure to use plastic baggies for added protection. Insert a plastic bag and tuck the excess in between the two layers along the top edge. WHAT KIND OF PLASTIC BAG DO I USE? Included is one roll of *biodegradable* baggies (15 bags per roll). You can purchase similar rolls from most pet stores (doggie clean-up bags). CARE INSTRUCTIONS: Spot cleaning or hand washing is recommended for long lasting durability and color retention."
"High Road TrashStand Leakproof and Weighted Car Trash Basket - Compact Size","Hard braking and hairpin turns won't tip the High Road TrashStand, with its built-in bottom weight and floorboard grip strips, you can step on the gas without worrying about toppling the trash. And its fully leakproof liner will keep spills and stains off car carpet and upholstery."
"Auto Trash (Milano) by The Mod Mobile - litter bag/garbage can for your car","THE MOD MOBILE is a woman-owned and operated indie company. All products are designed and manufactured in the USA. WHAT IS THIS BAG DESIGNED FOR: This bag is designed to hang over your stick shift, across the back of your headrest, or wherever you can think of! This bag is NOT designed to hold drive-thru trash, bottles, cans, etc. This bag IS designed for all that small trash that tends to clutter up your cup holders and such. Dimensions are 12"" tall x 8"" wide. THE STRAP SYSTEM: The strap measures approximately 25"" long and can be attached in one of two ways: on the side for hanging from a stick shift or in the center for hanging across a headrest. The strap attaches with a heavy-duty snap. Once snapped in place, simply wrap the other end of the strap around the shift/headrest, thread through the buckle and tighten as needed. Tuck the excess strap in between the inner liner and the outer fabric case. You can remove the bag without unthreading the strap, simply unsnap the bag and the strap will remain installed. ANATOMY OF THE BAG: Measures 8"" wide and 12"" tall. There is an inner liner and an outer case. The outer case is made of the decorative fabric which is lined with black canvas for stability. The inner liner is made of black post-consumer recycled plastic and is specially designed to stay open for ease of use while driving. This plastic liner is not 100% leak-proof so be sure to use plastic baggies for added protection. Insert a plastic bag and tuck the excess in between the two layers along the top edge. WHAT KIND OF PLASTIC BAG DO I USE? Included is one roll of *biodegradable* baggies (15 bags per roll). You can purchase similar rolls from most pet stores (doggie clean-up bags). CARE INSTRUCTIONS: Spot cleaning or hand washing is recommended for long lasting durability and color retention."
"Bell Automotive 22-1-33886-8 Zebra Litter Bag","Bell Automotive's Zebra Litter Bag keeps car organized and clutter free while adding style and flare to your ride. Made of durable material with moisture resistant liner."
"Car Trash Bag,litter Bag,waste Bag for Inside of Cars , Trucks and Vans,made in U.s.a. (Black)","item #377 T Trash litter bag,waste bag Size:6 1/2"" x 6 1/2"" x 1/2"" keep your Automobile litter free with this compact durable bag,easy to clean ,comes with 2"" Adhesive Velcro just peel one side off and attach it to your carpet to install the bag.Available in 5 colors Thank you BAGS USA MFG."
"Auto Trash (Blue 2D Zoo) by The Mod Mobile - litter bag/garbage can for your car","THE MOD MOBILE is a woman-owned and operated indie company. All products are designed and manufactured in the USA. WHAT IS THIS BAG DESIGNED FOR: This bag is designed to hang over your stick shift, across the back of your headrest, or wherever you can think of! This bag is NOT designed to hold drive-thru trash, bottles, cans, etc. This bag IS designed for all that small trash that tends to clutter up your cup holders and such. Dimensions are 12"" tall x 8"" wide. THE STRAP SYSTEM: The strap measures approximately 25"" long and can be attached in one of two ways: on the side for hanging from a stick shift or in the center for hanging across a headrest. The strap attaches with a heavy-duty snap. Once snapped in place, simply wrap the other end of the strap around the shift/headrest, thread through the buckle and tighten as needed. Tuck the excess strap in between the inner liner and the outer fabric case. You can remove the bag without unthreading the strap, simply unsnap the bag and the strap will remain installed. ANATOMY OF THE BAG: Measures 8"" wide and 12"" tall. There is an inner liner and an outer case. The outer case is made of the decorative fabric which is lined with black canvas for stability. The inner liner is made of black post-consumer recycled plastic and is specially designed to stay open for ease of use while driving. This plastic liner is not 100% leak-proof so be sure to use plastic baggies for added protection. Insert a plastic bag and tuck the excess in between the two layers along the top edge. WHAT KIND OF PLASTIC BAG DO I USE? Included is one roll of *biodegradable* baggies (15 bags per roll). You can purchase similar rolls from most pet stores (doggie clean-up bags). CARE INSTRUCTIONS: Spot cleaning or hand washing is recommended for long lasting durability and color retention."
"Impulse Merchandisers 12500 Auto Litter Bag Trash Trap Organizer","Luxury Driver Auto Organizers Auto Litter Bag Trash Trap hangs from the back of most vehicle head rests. The sturdy design features a snap-shut lid. Generous capacity and space-saving design makes cleanup accessible for all passengers. Black fashion outer material compliments any vehicle interior. Collapses for easy storage when not in use."
"Auto Litter Bag - THE ORIGINAL Car Trash Bag By CarScaper - Auto Litter Container and Organizer - Keep Your Car Neat and Clean - Stylish and Durable Black Cloth Exterior - Wipe Clean Interior - Mesh Side Pockets to Hold Phone or Tissues - Snap Shut Top - Velcro Closure - Attaches to Head Rest - Great For Road Trips - Works on Front or Rear Seat - Great Gift Idea","Keep your car neat and clean in style. This sleek, black, woven, cloth litter bag fits in all vehicles and pleases all passengers. A sturdy covered, metal framed closeable top and reinforced seams with piping create a flexible receptacle that attaches securely to your car seat headrest/over the seat, in back or in front. Depending on your ride, your roadtrip and your passengers consider more than one. Great car trash can for a road trip. This is a the perfect accessory for you car, truck, van or boat."
"High Road Pop-Up Leakproof Car Trash Bin","Stop leaks, spills and stains before they happen. Fully leakproof, compact car trash bin hangs from any hook or headrest post or sits on the floor.  Textured bottom keeps bin in place. Folds flat for storage."
"CiDoss Black Multi-function Car Seat Back Storage Bag Trash Bag Organizer in Car Vehicle bag Oxford Cloth Foldable 9L","CiDoss Black Multi-function Car Seat Back Storage Bag Trash Bag Organizer in Car Vehicle bag Oxford Cloth Foldable 9L"
"CiDoss Black High quality Waterproof fabric Car Auto Vehicle Seat Side Back Storage Pocket Backseat Hanging Storage Bags Organizer litter Bag Pouch,Multi-function car back bag","Name: multi-function car back bag Material: waterproof fabrics, diving is expected to pocket Color: black, beige Specification: 58 * 38 cm and weighing about 300 g Product characteristics: Products are waterproof fabrics, in a limited scope in accordance with the different store items carefully Design carrying bags of different specification, carrying bags of diving with mesh material is made, the entire product To design elegant, make full use of space, waterproof sunscreen, transparent visual, easy access, etc The levy. function use: Set as follows, different specifications pocket, store items: Pocket, tire pressure table, pencil bags; Pocket 2: map, envelope; Pocket 3: chewing gum, small bags of food bag; Pocket 4: snacks pockets; Pocket 5: magazines, books and bags; Pocket six: beverage, kettle bag; Pocket 7: the umbrella bags. ""Installation"" Carrying bag behind the front seats installed on the car. Top with adjustable elastic products Tear the magic buiter, fixed the headrest and seat junction can, bottom around their belt A piece of cotton rope, tied to the bottom of the seat table location."
